RISE – Ultimate Project Manager is a multipurpose project management system. You can use it to manage projects, clients, invoices, support tickets, estimates, team and many other purposes. It is suitable for different types of organizations, freelancers and individual users. RISE is fast and easy to use. It contains all essential tools to manage your business.

Features
Projects RISE makes project management much easier. Monitor the tasks of different team members, track time on each tasks and get timesheet. Send invoices for the projects to your clients and get payment online. See auto calculated project progression. Add different milestones and meet the deadline. Discuss on the projects and get client feedback.
Tasks Add tasks for your projects, assign to team members and add multiple collaborators. Set deadlines, check status and activity logs. Team members can comment and attach files. Mention users in comments and get instant notifications. Easily create multiple tasks and clone similar tasks. Manage tasks by list and drag & drop in kanban view.
Recurring tasksCreate recurring tasks automatically through cron job. If you need to do same kinds of tasks after every certain time, then set the recurring tasks. It allows to set different time duration to create tasks.
Estimate requestsCreate estimate request forms according to your services and get estimate requests from leads and your customers. It helps to get more projects and find potential clients.
EstimatesSend estimates to your clients based on their estimate request or the service you provide for them. Send estimate email with pdf and get approval from your clients. Create projects from the estimates and convert the estimates into invoices.
InvoicesAdd your custom invoices and send email with attached invoice pdf to your clients. It supports different currency for different clients. Get records of your invoices and filter by different statuses.Set multiple taxes in the invoices. Change the invoice color and logo to match with your brand. Set custom footer in the pdf for additional information.
Recurring invoicesSet recurring invoices to auto generate monthly, yearly or different time periods invoices. Send the invoices automatically and reduce extra work.
PaymentsIt support online payments via Stripe and PayPal. You can enable or disable the partial payments option. It generates payment confirmation notification and mark the invoice paid automatically.
ClientsManage your customers and the contacts of the customers. You can allow to register customers or add your customers manually. Get the detail information about contacts, projects, invoices, payments, estimates, estimate requests, support tickets, essential files, events and notes for each clients. You can allow your clients to use the client portal. Each clients will get individual dashboard to see their projects, invoices and other information. Let your clients followup the projects and get feedback instantly. Set permissions for the clients to limit their access.
Chat with customersYou can communicate with clients via messages and chat. Set the permissions that which team members can communicate with clients. See online status of your clients.
Chat with team membersSend direct messages to your team members. Create multiple conversations based on different topics. Reduce waiting time for feedback and make project management more faster.
LeadsManage potential customers and followup their status. Auto collect leads form public estimate request. Add notes, files and events, easily convert leads into customer with all existing information.
Support ticketsLet your clients to create support tickets and get notifications by web and email. Auto generate tickets from customer emails. Assign tickets to team members, reply comments with attachment. Mange customer support in one place.
ExpensesTrack all your expenses and get projects and team members cost overview. Check expenses of different categories and compare income vs expenses. See income expenses chart of different time periods.
Knowledge baseCreate knowledge base articles for you clients and mange custom support more efficiently. Create different categories for knowledge base and let the customers solve their problems without asking for support.
Help articlesCreate internal knowledge base for your team members. Add different articles for different types of rules and information. Only team members can access the help articles.
Team managementAdd your team members and set different roles for different members. Manage their accounts and get overall information at a place. All team members can access their dashboard based on their permissions.
Event calendarCreate your personal events list and share events with team members and clients. Integrate google calendar and stay synced. See upcoming events in dashboard.
NotesStore your private notes and attach files. Add useful tags with notes and find easily. Create public notes for projects and let access to the project members.
AnnouncementsCreate announcements for your team members and clients and publish on their dashboard. It helps to inform about any notice easily with others.
TimelineShare ideas and documents with your team members. Add essential links and news to improve your team growth.
Time cardsManage attendance of your team members by the time cards. You can set IP restrictions for time cards access so that team member can’t log the time from outside of office.
LeavesManage your team members leave applications. Check total numbers of leave taken by each team members. Add different leave categories. Approve or reject leave applications. Set supervisors for different team or team members.
Personal todo listCreate your personal todo list and manage your work more efficiently. Don’t forget to do any important task and stay focused on daily work. Each team members and clients can add their personal todo list.
NotificationsGet notifications for all important actions including task creation, comments, tickets, messaging etc. There are 2 types of notification. You can get the notification in the application and also in email.You can enable or disable all notifications and set who’ll get which notifications.
Push notificationsGet real time notifications in your browser using pusher.
reCaptchaAdd extra layer of security by adding google reCaptcha in all login forms.
Integrate google driveYou can use google drive as a alternative storage. All files you upload using the application will be stored in google drive.
Multiple dashboardAdd multiple dashboard using many predefined widgets. There are different types of useful widgets which you can use for your different types of dashboards. Design your own dashboard layout by drag & drop the widgets. Add your custom widgets. It supports to include third party embedded widgets like as weather widget.
Feature customizationEnable/disable the modules according to your needs. There are lots of features and you may will not be interested to use all of them. You can easily disable the unnecessary features.
Multi language supportTranslate the application to multiple languages by changing single file. Check the sample files for the translation in GitHub.
Activity logsGet the details about team members activities in different projects. Monitor everything what your team members doing and stay up to date.
Custom email templatesUpdate all email templates and add your custom design and content. Easily change the text from editor or full source code.
Custom fieldsAdd custom fields with clients, Clients, contacts, leads, projects, tasks, team members, tickets, invoices, events, expenses and estimates and save more information according to your need.
Custom styleAdd your custom css and change the design. Use different color pattern or copy any color plate to make your own.
InstallationInstallation is very simple and you can install the updates with a single click from Settings>Updates page.
UsabilityRISE build by Codeigniter 3.1.0. It’s fast and easy to use. All UI designed to give you a quick navigation. We described a few of RISE here. There are many more in the demo…